docs(marketing): update @nuxt/content marketing (#1117)
nuxt/content: docs/content/6.blog/announcing-v2.md

    "children": [
      {
        "type": "element",
        "tag": "h1",
        "props": {
          "id": "hello-world"
        },
        "children": [
          {
            "type": "text",
            "value": "Hello World"
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "type": "element",
        "tag": "p",
        "props": {},
        "children": [
          {
            "type": "text",
            "value": "My first paragraph."
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "type": "element",
        "tag": "p",
        "props": {},
        "children": [
          {
            "type": "element",
            "tag": "a",
            "props": {
              "href": "https://content.nuxtjs.org",
              "rel": [
                "nofollow",
                "noopener",
                "noreferrer"
              ],
              "target": "_blank"
            },
            "children": [
              {
                "type": "text",
                "value": "https://content.nuxtjs.org"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "toc": {
      "title": "",
      "searchDepth": 2,
      "depth": 2,
      "links": []
    }
  }
}
```
::

> You can do much more than fetch only one file, take a look at the [querying content](/guide/displaying/querying) section to discover its full potential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do much more than fetching only one file. Take a look at the [querying content](/guide/displaying/querying) section to discover its full potential.
```

Head over to the [Get started](/get-started) section to start playing with Content v2 :sparkles:

---

> Bonus, we created [Content Wind](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind), a lightweight Nuxt template to write a Markdown driven website powered by Nuxt Content and TailwindCSS. It is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind) and its demo on [content-wind.nuxt.dev](https://content-wind.nuxt.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonus: We created [Content Wind](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind) - a lightweight Nuxt template to write a Markdown-driven website powered by Nuxt Content and TailwindCSS. It is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind). Check out the demo on [content-wind.nuxt.dev](https://content-wind.nuxt.dev).
```
